People think the Bible says that God controls the world.
But how could that be?
This world is out of control.
It's full of pain and suffering, sickness and death,
poverty and disaster.
How could a loving God be responsible for all of this?
What the Bible says may surprise you.
It says the evil one controls the whole world.
In other words, there's an evil power behind the world's problems,
someone who is pulling the strings behind the scenes.
That's why, no matter how hard we try,
humans just cannot solve the world's problems.
The good news is, the Bible says things will not always be like this.
It tells us why we're in this situation,
how God will fix it, and how we can deal with it in the meantime.